jon.bird@bristol.ac.uk - Digital health

I'm interested in supervising projects in a number of areas of digital health. 1.  analysis of electronic health records to identify whether patients have raised likelihoods of particular conditions. I have a set of electronic health records that can be used in projects. I can also share a previous student project that focused on this. 2. development of a mobile system for collecting verbal autopsies in low resource settings. This is a real world system that I have been involved in developing and there are a number of areas where it can be further developed e.g. visualising collected data so that it can be used to spot disease outbreaks. I can share publications about this system with interested students. 3. development of a smartphone based Ecological Momentary Analysis (EMA) system for an ongoing project investigating self-harm in adolescents. EMA is a technique that involves asking participants questions about current behaviour and experience in their natural environment in order to try and understand factors that underlie behaviours of interest. The technique aims to reduce recall bias and increase ecological validity (hence the name). Participants are typically asked multiple questions each day and using smartphones is a good way of doing this. 4. I'm also happy for students to propose projects in digital health - please get in contact and we can discuss them.

csxor@bristol.ac.uk - Biological modelling

and do a bit of Googling before asking me questions :

3) Biological Modelling (suitable for students with a pre-existing interest in bioogy) - I have previously worked on the application of metabolic modelling of yeast and I'm now working with various others in the University on so-called ""whole cell modelling"" which aims to integrate models of all aspects of cell function (cell-cycle, gene regulation, transcriptomic, proteomic, metabolic, etc.). I have also supervised dozens of projects on modelling collective decision making in ant colonies (from differential equation modelling, agent-based simulations, and robotic intervention).

seth.bullock@bristol.ac.uk - 

"""I'm interested in projects that involve some combination of simulation modelling, AI, artificial life, agents, evolutionary algorithms, evolutionary biology, networks science, social networks, complex systems, complexity, etc. Most often they are projects that explore a research question from outside computer science using tools from computer science plus a scientific approach. 

E.g.: How do diseases spread through a heterogeneous popuation? How do termites build adaptive nest structures? How can robots communicate like bees? How do badgers construct and maintain latrines?   

The projects that I supervise tend to involve a little bit of simple maths and stats and relatively straightforward coding. The challenge tends to lie in understanding how the code behaves. So the projects have an exploration and detective work feel.

I am very open to project topics suggested by students - if you have done a previous degree in Biology (ecology and evolution), Psychology or Mathematics I would be particularly interested in hearing from you. Please check my papers for ideas: https://seis.bristol.ac.uk/~sb15704/pubs.html"""
